what's up YouTube Jordan here today I'm
opening a second pokemon X&Y Lazard on
mega battle pack and this is brought to
by my sponsor a legacy car shop calm be
sure to check out the website once again
and use promo code Jordan Japan is the
man for five percent off your entire
order see I definitely definitely go
check out legacy card shop guys and
definitely use the promo code so up yeah
I kind of accidentally cut into the top
of this when I was opening my package so
whoops but you know this is still an
opening nonetheless um yeah my first one
of these was absolutely incredible some
of the best polls on YouTube and you're
definitely going to have to go check
those out so i'll have a little
annotation and a link to that video and
hopefully i can try to match that in
this i doubt it but we'll give it a shot
so yeah this is basically just one huge
booster tech with a whole bunch of
goodies and sweet I got this also
chestnut promo I mean that just not just
been I'm thinking that because i just
opened the chest not 10 so sweet nice
chespin promo there and that's not all
guys it comes with booster packs oh yeah
we have um wild blaze for the Japanese
flash fire we have collection X and we
have collection why so that's pretty
freakin sweet um we'll start with
collection X and go from there and I'm
not going to use any scissors I'm a big
boy now oh yeah no scissors big boys
don't need scissors all right so we got
from our first collection x scatterbug
froakie gooder ah frogadier and tauros
so not the greatest start from
collection x but we have
one more pack of collection X let's go
give me a hollow give me an e x
something to start the good old juices
right now alright so we have fans humph
Dunsparce oh ya gotta look Dunsparce
slugma soda can and nice Exodia CX holy
crap what a freaking awesome pull that
is very very nice sirenis e x wow these
resort on nigga battle packs they never
fail me Wow alright so now we're moving
on to collection why very very nice ok
so we have Letty bruh Solrock uh sim you
see a red card shout out to the world
cup somebody might get one of these
things and now I say furfrou hollow very
very nice so an ax and a hollow already
had a freakin three packs man that is
just incredible and last collection why
pack we got pumpkaboo wheedle skinny
malamar and let Ian alright so now we're
going to move on to wild blaze are you
feeling the blues guys I know I'm
feeling the blaze oh these are a little
tougher to open and that's why I usually
use scissors but now I'm going to be a
man like i said and be a man about these
these packs so we have a snuggie a slow
you
Caterpie the megaphone of death and Rosa
raid all right so we're moving on so
last pack here doesn't really matter
what I pull this has already been
fantastic and the ex headed out of one
of these things it's pretty hard to do
so I'm not ready please this is just a
little extra on top of what I already
get so we have goomy celio Geodude
Pokemon Center lady and a snorlax to
finish her off that's so very very nice
I got a furfrou hollow and a xerneas ax
man that is just incredible and be sure
why I stop honking outside man freaking
ridiculous be sure to check out my other
Megan battle pack opening it was
absolutely epic and be sure to check out
legacy card shop com alright guys Jordan
how